The VPN config generator makes us very easy to setup.
In this example I've brought a one in router to RADA one has this IP address could ripple 1 Write it
too has this IP address could ripple to on these interfaces rather one is going to be configured with
this tunnel number and write it to is going to be configured with us tunnel number but it's very easy
to change that kind of information I could change the a name and noticeable change in the diagram and
update the configuration accordingly I could as an example decide to use tunnel 100 on both sides rather
than using different numbers for the tunnels I could also change the subnet used across the GOP tunnel.
Just make sure that the IP addresses on the same subnet because this is like a point to point link so
the IP addresses need to be in the same subnet.
Click show result and you'll be able to see the details here.
So as an example on Rado 1 we can see a description with the link to write it to the IP address tunnel
source and tunnel destination for this tunnel.
You can either use physical interfaces or source IP addresses as the source of the tunnel.
In this example we're using physical interfaces he has wrote to once again write a 1 you'll be able
to see the description as well as adjustments for maximum transmission unit and negotiation of maximum
transmission unit.
Now adjust MSF is a bigger discussion but essentially it allows end devices to negotiate the size of
empty use so they don't try and send packets that are too big that can't be transmitted across this
link.
We have to reduce once again the size of the payload because of the additional headers added by GOP.
You could adjust that to a lower number if necessary so both sides just set the empty you Valley accordingly.
Click on Show result and that will then adjust these two commands based on your inputs a more complex
configured rate is also available.
So we have an IP sic configure reader and when I click on Show results here.
You'll notice that there is more involved because you have to setup both the encryption and authentication
on this router you have to determine which traffic is interesting you have to set your ISP came PPI
policies as well as your IP SEC policies.
So there's more configuration involved but the VPN config generator makes it very easy to select which
options you're going to be using for encryption and authentication and then you simply click on show
results and the configuration will be changed accordingly.